# Reflection Statement

Throughout the first iteration, the group worked very well, cohesively and efficiently with each other, targeting deadlines whilst also helping each other out. We were able to maintain clear communication with each other through regular group meetings outside our lab meetings while also frequently messaging each other. As a group, we aimed to have two group meetings a week. In our meetings we would first start by addressing issues or challenges faced in the project and as a group we would try and resolve these issues. This would help the group get a grasp of what each member was doing and for everyone to be on the same page. We would then proceed to looking at what elements of the iteration were yet to be completed and we allocated bite-sized components that we would try and finish before our next meeting. We would finally log our progress using the Gitlab Issues component, moving tasks from to-do to working on to finally complete. This helped us streamline our progress and provided a clear visualisation of what we had to do. Our meetings usually went for an hour session each. The outcomes of each meeting was very positive as were able to tackle a large majority of the work through this process. On average, each member completed about 7-8 test functions while also contributing 5-6 user stories each. We collaboratively wrote the reflection statement and markdown files. As a group it was imperative that we had a disagreement resolution process. An example of this was when we were deciding what stories were relevant and whether or not to disregard some stories. To overcome this, we wrote down the pros and cons of both sides. Each member looked over it and we collaboratively came up with the best way forward. Overall, disagreements were rare however it was important to have a method to resolve such conflicts. As great as our communication and teamwork was, there were still some areas for improvement. One of the biggest challenges we faced was time pressure. As most of the group was learning python for the first time, creating test functions took longer than we thought. As well, we also found it sometimes difficult to understand the function spec making it difficult to write robust tests for them. The challenge was overcome by asking our tutors for clarification and mainly spending a lot of time writing and rewriting test for the iteration. We also helped each other out when someone was finding it difficult a particular task difficult. Through an overall collaborative effort, the group was able to complete the first iteration to the best of our abilities.   


